In
Hello this is curial for Expo dot com.
And welcome to the seventh tutorial in the course on testing and optimization and meditate.
For now we know what a back test is.
It's time to find out what a forward test is because the fines for retesting as the repeated run of
the best optimization results on a different time period.
Such a possibility allows us to eliminate the fitting of parameters on certain history data.
So let's have a look at what this really means.
Let's do a timeline and let's set a point for each day as we did previously.
Now let's choose a period between two dates when we will be testing our system this time instead of
conducting the back test on the whole period.
We will split our period into two.
The first one on the left here and then there's a second on the right.
So the first one we will use to conduct back tests and run optimizations of our system so basically
we will train the algorithmic trading system on this daughter or we're here but we won't be touching
this bit at all.
At this stage then once we've come up with a set or several sets of profitable parameters for a system
then we will use those parameters to run forward tests on this bit over here.
And what that allows us to do is as medico's suggests that allows us to avoid curve fitting meaning
that when we run the back test and the whole of the data that we've chosen for the testing purposes
we could end up with a set of parameters that is profitable but will only work on that period of data
so when we launch it in the future or when you launch today it won't bring us profits in the future
and to avoid that what we're doing is we're saving this little bit of our daughter for the forward test
and then we're using this majority of our daughter to conduct back tests and optimizations and come
up with profitable parameters and once that's done we want to check these parameters on this independent
dadda and if on this independent data the parameters also show profitable results then that means that
the expert adviser wasn't curve fitted to this data over here.
And therefore those parameters are generally profitable and we have a higher sense of security if we're
going to launch these parameters today to make profits in the future.
From my experience I recommend splitting the data into a ratio of three to one.
So you would use three portions to get back to us and you just one portion to do your forward.
So basically for every three months over back to two Jews a month over forward test as a ballpoint mark
.
But that can vary depending on the system and depending on the data that you have available to you.
So that's basically it that's what a forward test is and we'll run a few of these forward tests in the
next section of our course when we're practicing the knowledge that we've learned in this section.
And when we're working with simple system expert advisor.
So that's it for today's tutorial.
I look forward to seeing you next time.
And until then Happy training.